feat(core): add --related-to flag to ado get for filtering by anchor resource type (#1305)
IBM/ado: .cursor/skills/using-ado-cli/SKILL.md

# Get statistics for all data containers
uv run ado get datacontainers -o stats --output-file datacontainers-stats.txt
uv run ado get datacontainer DATACONTAINER_ID -o stats --no-trunc

# Get all resources of a type reachable from an anchor resource (--related-to)
uv run ado get operations --related-to samplestore=STORE_ID
uv run ado get spaces --related-to samplestore=STORE_ID -o name
uv run ado get operations --related-to discoveryspace=SPACE_ID --filter config.metadata.name=OP_NAME
```

> `--related-to` filters results to resources reachable from the given anchor

Reviewer: The term "resource reachable from the given anchor" is difficult to understand - not sure we use this meaning of "reachable" anywhere

```suggestion
`--related-to` filters results to resources that are related to a given resource identifier
```

Author: "reachable" is because the relationship graph is walked to go from one point to another, but we can change it
I didn't like the anchor bit, though

Reviewer: So then it finds all resources related at any depth, not just directly?

If so we need to update the terminology to make this clear, as I assumed it was directly related.

Reviewer: The thing that's confusing to me is that the option is called "related-to"  so then I assume either

- related-to is understood terminology - the doc string will just use it
- related-to is not assumed to be understood - the doc string will explain it. But "reachable" doesn't explain it.

Author: > So then it finds all resources related at any depth, not just directly?

Yes, otherwise we wouldn't be able to do `ado get op --related-to samplestore=abc`

👍 for the rest

Author: https://github.com/IBM/ado/pull/1305/commits/1cde92ab676e93ca88ff956d299a63a5bf05fefd
